Link to heroku site: http://tara-siegel-blog.herokuapp.com/

Final Readme

This site was coded in Ruby on Rails for CIS196, Ruby on Rails development.  The main functionality of this site is a blog.  Users can sign in with Facebook to create and manage blog posts.  Readers are able to view all of the blogposts along with commenting on them using Facebook comments.  

Styling: CSS, Foundation and JQuery

JQuery Used For: Zooming in on title, showing blog information

Ruby Gem: OmniAuth which allowed me to do Facebook login and authentication. https://github.com/mkdynamic/omniauth-facebook

Heroku Gem: Ink's Filepicker Heroku add-on to enable the writers to include photos using a very pretty UI to choose photos from a variety of resources. https://addons.heroku.com/filepicker

Validations: There are some validations when creating a blog post to make sure theres something there and at least a few words long. 

Scopes: You can only manage the posts that you are an author to.

Directories: There is a user and a post database with each post belonging to a specific user. 




HW 10

I didn't add too much jquery other than the size of the "Welcome to blog" getting bigger and smaller.  I plan on adding more jquery to the site once I have a better grasp as to what I plan to do with this site.  


HW 9

Added a scope and querying options in my app, you can now only see the posts in 'Manage Posts' that you authored.  Also added in Facebook Comments on the posts.  Also the posts are now ordered so the latest post is on top in the main page. 


HW 8 

Added Ink - Heroku add on, which is essentially a filepicker so you can add a image to blog posts.
Also styled the blog posts a little to match my website.  Not final layout yet though 


HW 7

Added Facebook login integration using OmniAuth Facebook gem.
Ideally I want to be able to have two types of users.  Ones that can post and ones that can comment on posts.  The login page will have all of the blog posts from all users or you can filter by a particular user.



HW 5

Added a second directory called Post that has a title, author (which is associated with a user), date, and body text.
Delete has some issues. 



HW 4
Created a directory that is of Users that have a Name, Email address and Password.  I will eventually add more schemas to this to create a blogging platform.  I essentially want to add this as a feature/link from my personal website as a blog.  
Therefore for a second schema I would like it to have:


Title(:string) | Author(:string) | Date(:date) | Published(:boolean) | Body(:text)

A first post   | Tara            | 2013-10-1   | True                | 'Hi everyone, this is a first post....etc'

